Add docker plugin config option image_pull_timeout value for default timeout (#25489)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/drivers/docker.mdx

  wait before cancelling an in-progress pull of the Docker image as specified in
  `infra_image`. Defaults to `"5m"`.

- `image_pull_timeout` - (Optional) A default time duration that controls how long Nomad

>   will wait before cancelling an in-progress pull of the Docker image as specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  waits before cancelling an in-progress pull of the Docker image as specified
```

Style: [use present tense](https://github.com/hashicorp/tutorials/blob/main/STYLE_GUIDE.md#time)

Author: Thank you! For the review and the link!
